Release v0.4.3 (#716)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: packages/stream_video/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.4.3

🐞 Fixed
* Fixed reconnection flow.
* Fixed compilation errors on web.
* Fixed screen-sharing not working on some versions of Android.
* Fixed accepting incoming call during another call (or outgoing call).

> * Fixed CallKit incomming push label and Android accept call buttons icons for audio-only calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed CallKit incoming push label and Android accept call button icons for audio-only calls.
```

✅ Added

> * Added support for missed calls. Push notificationa and `CallMissedEvent` event will be send now when user misses the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for missed calls. Push notifications and `CallMissedEvent` event will be sent now when the user misses the call.
```

* Added support for call transcription [check transcription cookbook](https://getstream.io/video/docs/flutter/ui-cookbook/transcriptions/)
    * Added `startTranscription()`, `stopTranscription()` and `listTranscriptions()` methods to `Call` class.
* Added option to take a screenshot during the call [check screenshot documentation](https://getstream.io/video/docs/flutter/screenshots/)
    * Added `takeScreenshot()` method to `Call` class.
* Added `recordingExternalStorage` optional param to `call.startRecording()` method.
* Added `requestScreenSharePermission()` method to `Call` class that ensures correct permissions are given for screen-sharing on Android.

🔄 Changed

> * Changed `role` member to `roles`, to reflect posibility of user having mutliple roles, in `CallParticipantState` and `CallMember`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `role` member to `roles`, to reflect the possibility of the user having multiple roles, in `CallParticipantState` and `CallMember`.
```

* Changed `SortParamRequest` to `SortParam`.

🔄 Changed some of the signatures
* `listRecordings()` method in PermissionsManager doesn't require `sessionId` param now.

> * `setParticipantPinned()` method in `Call` and `CallSession` now requires `sessionId`, `userId` and `pinned` params instead of `SetParticipantPinned` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `setParticipantPinned()` method in `Call` and `CallSession` now requires `sessionId`, `userId`, and `pinned` params instead of `SetParticipantPinned` action.
```

* `updateViewportVisibility()` method in `CallSession` now requires `visibilityChange` param instead of `UpdateViewportVisibility` action.

> * `setSubscriptions()` and `updateSubscription()` methods in `CallSession` now requires list of `subscriptionChanges` param instead of list of `SetSubscription` actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `setSubscriptions()` and `updateSubscription()` methods in `CallSession` now require a list of `subscriptionChanges` param instead of a list of `SetSubscription` actions.
```
